Apple
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
Entertainment
Accessories
Support
0
+
Careers at Apple
Work at Apple
Life at Apple
Profile
Sign In
Search
Back to search results
Machine Learning Engineer - Health AIML
Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States
Machine Learning and AI
Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States
Cupertino, California, United States
Work Locations (2)
Submit Resume
Summary
Posted:
Sep 09, 2026
Role Number:
200659977-1242
The Health AI team is at the forefront of machine learning and health science at Apple. We are a close-knit team of highly accomplished, deeply technical research scientists, software engineers, and machine learning engineers passionate about delivering innovative technologies that impact millions of users. We are looking for a senior engineer excited about solving real-world problems in the health domain that make a difference in our customers' lives.
Description
In this role, you will use your skills and experience in software engineering, machine learning, deep learning, and generative AI to design, implement, tune, and evaluate machine learning models and systems. You will solve ambitious problems involving unique data and high-impact products, including state-of-the-art generative AI technologies. The successful candidate should possess excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work cross-functionally to rapidly apply engineering best practices and novel research techniques at the intersection of Health, ML, and consumer products.
Minimum Qualifications
10+ years of overall software development experience.
Experience leading a team and/or a proven track record of cross-functional collaboration to deliver customer-facing features with machine learning capabilities in production.
BS/MS/Ph.D. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Machine Learning, or related fields (or equivalent qualification).
Preferred Qualifications
Ph.D. in Computer Science, Machine Learning, or a related field.
Strong background in generative models, natural language processing (NLP), and large language models (LLMs).
5+ years of hands-on experience in state-of-the-art machine learning and deep learning applied to large-scale datasets and/or production applications.
Proficiency developing and working with large-scale models using modern machine learning packages (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Jax, Huggingface).
Proficiency in building and troubleshooting modern agentic systems (prompt tuning, routing, planning, multi-agent, RAG, tool use, memory management, etc.).
Experience with healthcare data, products, and workflows.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment, deal with uncertainty, and adapt to new and changing requirements.
Proven track record of contributing to diverse teams in a collaborative environment.
A passion for building outstanding and innovative products. This position involves a wide variety of interdisciplinary skills.
Pay & Benefits
At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range. This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. The base pay range for this role is between $194,700 and $354,700, and your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.

Apple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple’s discretionary employee stock programs. Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You’ll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses — including tuition. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation. Learn more about Apple Benefits

Note: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program.


Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We seek to promote equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant

At Apple, we believe accessibility is a fundamental human right. You’ll find that idea reflected in everything here — in our culture, our benefits and our digital tools. By welcoming as many perspectives as possible, we help you build a career where you feel like you belong.

Learn about accessibility in Apple’s workplace

Learn about reasonable accommodations for job applicants

Apple accepts applications to this posting on an ongoing basis.

Submit Resume
Back to search results
See all roles in Cambridge
Apple Footer

Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We seek to promote equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant
(Opens in a new window)
.

Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation.

Apple participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations as required by law. Learn more about the E-Verify program.

Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. 
Reasonable Accommodation and Drug Free Workplace policy
Learn more
(Opens in a new window)
.

Apple is a drug-free workplace. 
Reasonable Accommodation and Drug Free Workplace policy
Learn more
(Opens in a new window)
.

Apple will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. If you’re applying for a position in San Francisco, review the 
San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance
guidelines
(opens in a new window)
 applicable in your area.

It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.


Apple
Careers at Apple
Careers at Apple
Shop and Learn
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
AirTag
Accessories
Gift Cards
Apple Wallet
Wallet
Apple Card
Apple Pay
Apple Cash
Account
Manage Your Apple Account
Apple Store Account
iCloud.com
Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple Store
Find a Store
Genius Bar
Today at Apple
Group Reservations
Apple Camp
Apple Store App
Certified Refurbished
Apple Trade In
Financing
Carrier Deals at Apple
Order Status
Shopping Help
For Business
Apple and Business
Shop for Business
For Education
Apple and Education
Shop for K-12
Shop for College
For Healthcare
Apple in Healthcare
Mac in Healthcare
Health on Apple Watch
Health Records on iPhone and iPad
For Government
Shop for Government
Shop for Veterans and Military
Apple Values
Accessibility
Education
Environment
Inclusion and Diversity
Privacy
Racial Equity and Justice
Supply Chain
About Apple
Newsroom
Apple Leadership
Career Opportunities
Investors
Ethics & Compliance
Events
Contact Apple
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.
United States
Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseSales and RefundsLegalSite Map
Content has loaded